hello and welcome to the cars of grand
theft auto or rather the aircraft of
grand theft auto that's right I finally
decide to start talking about the
vehicles that fly within the GTA games
and what better vehicle we'll start off
with then everybody's favorite
whirlybird the Maverick the Maverick
first appeared in grand theft auto vice
city actually now that I think about it
a lot of aircraft showed up in vice city
anyway it continued to be used
throughout all the games all the way up
till four now unlike cars boats or bikes
talking about the performance of
aircraft is going to be a little bit
different when talking about aircraft I
will now have refer to acceleration as
takeoff time or the amount of time it
takes to get your aircraft airborne
speed and handling however will remain
the same now the maverick has relatively
slow take off because the helicopter and
you have to wait a few seconds for the
engine to reach a proper speed before
you can become airborne and if people
are shooting at you you could have a
problem however once you get an airborne
you're going to find that the Maverick
is relatively fast and handles very
nicely now as far as appearances go I
have no idea what it's based off of I
really don't know the first thing about
helicopter manufacturers so to me this
just looks like a very generic design
however it's a design that has gone
relatively unchanged throughout the
game's history so anyway that's a
maverick as long as helicopters go it's
pretty good in fact I daresay it's
probably the all-round best helicopter
in all of GT a very good okay okay
bloom their best to go it's good
hey funny
just hang on folks I repeat just hang on